+++
banner = "/uploads/2017/12/19/IMG_3320.jpg"
date = 2017-12-06T06:08:57Z
description = ""
keywords = ""
tags = []
title = "Staff & Faculty"

+++
### A COMMITTED FACULTY AND STAFF

Good teachers become great teachers by going beyond the call of duty and beyond the textbook. To do this, he or she must continue his/her education. There are conferences, workshops, and enduring education that could give our teachers that extra help in technology for their students. Madhusthali Vidyapeeth believes in the continuous up gradation of its teachers so that the students can gain maximum benefit. <br>
In addition to lesson planning, classroom performance and contribution to co-curricular activities are under constant supervision of the Administrator and the Principal who believe that quality of teaching and learning must be of the highest order day by day, hour by hour and lesson by lesson. <br>
The school is also committed to staff development through a wide range of on-going in service programmes and workshops which cover not only academics and pedagogy but also areas such as psychological counseling, personality development and career counseling. Each child receives individual attention and feels comfortable to approach teachers for help in and out of the classrooms.

<table class="fees-table"> <tr><th>S.No.</th><th>Name</th><th>Designation</th><th>Academic Qualification</th><th>Professional Qualification</th></tr> <tr><td>1</td><td>Mr. Bitan Biswas</td><td>Principal</td><td>M.Com, M.A. (Eco.) M.Phil</td><td>B.Ed., M.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>2</td><td>Mr. Javed Iqbal</td><td>Head of Department (Science)</td><td>B.Sc. (Bio) </td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Mr. R. K. Thakur</td><td>Head of the Department(Commerce) 
</td><td>M.COM</td>B.Ed.<td>No</td></tr>  <tr><td>4</td><td>Mr. Rajesh Sahani</td><td>Senior School Coordinator</td><td>M.A. (English)</td><td>No</td></tr> <tr><td>5</td><td>Mr.Tabrej Haider</td><td>Assistant Senior School Coordinator</td><td>M.Sc.(Chemistry)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>6</td><td>Ms. Vinita Bose</td><td>Middle School Coordinator</td><td>B.A. (English)</td><td>M.T.T.E, B.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>7</td><td>Md. Asif</td><td>Assistant Middle School Coordinator</td><td>B.Com.</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>8</td><td>Mrs.Smriti Chatterjee</td><td>Junior School Coordinator</td><td>B.A. (Hons) Economics</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>Ms. Insha Afreen</td><td>Assistant Middle School Coordinator</td><td>B.Sc. (Maths)</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Ms. Shabnam Parveen</td><td>Foundational Stage Coordinator</td><td>B.A.</td><td>M.T.T.E.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>Mr. Nabarun Mandal</td><td>Activity Coordinator</td><td>M.Sc. (Zoology)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>12</td><td>Ms. Sanjeeda Khatoon</td><td>Assistant Activity Coordinator</td><td>M.A.(English)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Mr. Somraj Das</td><td>Assistant Activity Coordinator</td><td>B.A. (P.Ed.)</td><td>B.P.Ed., M.P.Ed.</td></tr> <tr><td>14</td><td>Mr. Ranjit Sarkar</td><td>Exam Coordinator </td><td>M.Sc. (Physics)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>Mr. Bablu Gope</td><td>Assistant Exam Coordinator</td><td>M.A. (Geography)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Mr. Vijay Kumar</td><td>Exam Department Member</td><td>B.A. (History)</td><td>PTT</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>Mr. Suraj Bose</td><td>IT Coordinator</td><td>B.A.(Soci.), M.B.A (IT, H.R.)</td><td>CTT, DCE, B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>18</td><td>Ms. Arunima Singh</td><td>Librarian</td><td>B.A.(Pol. Sc.)</td><td>B.Lib., M.Lib</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>Ms. Jayanti Gupta</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A. (Hons) Geog.</td><td>Music & Art, B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>Ms. Lata Singh</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.A. (Hindi)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>21</td><td>Ms. Sikha Chourasia</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.Sc. (Zoology)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>22</td><td>Mr. Subhabrata Ghosh</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A.(Hons.) Bengali</td><td>B.P.Ed, M.P.Ed</td></tr><tr><td>23</td><td>Mr. Dwarika Pd. Singh</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A. (Sansk.) Hons</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>24</td><td>Mr. Murli Manohar Pandey</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A. (Hons.) (Sanskrit)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>25</td><td>Ms. Ruby Kumari</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.A. (English)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>26</td><td>Mr. Dibyendu Kumar Jana</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.Sc. (Maths)</td><td>B.Com.</td></tr><tr><td>27</td><td>Mr. Ujjawal Mishra</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.Sc. (Maths) Hons.</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>28</td><td>Ms. Annapurna Kumari</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A.(Hons.) History</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>29</td><td>Ms. Soniya J Prasad</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.A. (Pol. Sc.)</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>30</td><td>Ms. Swagata Nayak</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.Sc.(C.S.)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>31</td><td>Mr. Nishant Kumar</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.Sc. (Physics)</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>32</td><td>Mr. Somnath Halder</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.A.(English)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>33</td><td>Ms. Montina Massey</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.A.(Scoilogy)</td><td>D.El.Ed</td></tr><td>34</td><td>Ms. Priya Kumari</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>B.Sc.(Maths)</td><td>D.El.Ed</td><td>35</td></tr><tr><td>Ms.Shaista Akhtar</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.A.(History)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><td>36</td></tr><tr><td>Ms. Rani Halder</td><td>Assistant Teacher</td><td>M.Sc.(Pyschology)</td><td>No</td></tr></table>

### RESIDENTIAL STAFF

Residential and essential staff is accommodated on the campus in residential quarters. Besides, the hostel staff is accommodated in specially allocated semi-furnished quarters so that they are available whenever the children need them.

<table class="fees-table"> <tr><th>S.No.</th><th>Name of Admin Staff</th><th>Designation</th><th>Academic Qualification</th><th>Professional Qualification</th></tr> <tr><td>1</td><td>Mr. Aubrey Thompson</td><td>Campus Administrator</td><td>B.A. (Hons.) English</td><td>T.T.C.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Mr. Anand Kumar Singh</td><td>PA to Principal</td><td>B.Com (Hons.) Accounts</td><td>CIC, CBA</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Mr. Swarup Ghorai</td><td>Account Assistant</td><td>B.Com.</td><td>No.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Ms. Padma Agarwal</td><td>Mess Supervisor</td><td>Intermediate</td><td>No.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Ms. Archana Saha</td><td>Infirmary Incharge</td><td>Matric</td><td>No.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Ms. Shristi Ghosh</td><td>Office Assistant</td><td>B.A.(English. Hons.)</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Mr. Sukumar Chatterjee</td><td>Hostel Superintendent</td><td>M.A. (English)</td><td>B.P.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Mr. Subrato Ghosh</td><td>Store incharge</td><td>M.Com</td><td>No.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>Mr. Pintu Kumar Bose</td><td>Maintanence</td><td>Intermediate</td><td>No.</td></tr><td>10</td><td>Mr. Sujay Kumar Rajhans</td><td>Marketing Officer</td><td>M.A. (History)</td><td>B.Ed.</td></tr><td>11</td><td>Mr. Deepak Massey</td><td>Multitasking</td><td>B.A.</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>Mr. Sarfaraz Khan</td><td>Hostel Warden</td><td>B.A. (P.A.)</td><td>D.El.Ed.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Ms. Rani Halder</td><td>Counselor</td><td>M.A. (Psychology)</td><td>No.</td></tr></table>

### PARTNERSHIP WITH PARENTS

We understand that the parent’s active participation in the activities of the school is essential if we are to flourish as a school community. We would like the parents experience to be a positive one. Parents are informed of the school events through a newsletter and regular updating of the school’s website. They follow their child’s progress through regular and detailed school reports. The school also welcomes parents to visit the school to discuss matters of concern with the Administrator/Principal. This way we ensure that everyone contributes to the outstanding development of students.
